[clang] Add __nullptr as a keyword to C (#123119)
llvm/llvm-project: clang/docs/LanguageExtensions.rst

__nullptr
---------

> ``__nullptr`` is an alternate spelling for ``nullptr``, it is available since C++98 and C23.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``__nullptr`` is an alternate spelling for ``nullptr``. It is available in all C and C++ language modes.
```
